he thought that Newton was
destroying the poetry of the
rainbow by explaining respectful
completely destroying the
mystery of it display Ministry
of it and and the the message of
my book is that you don't by
destroying the mystery you
increase the poetry you don't
you don't decrease and I try to
go there in all of my work
whether or not i succeed that's
not my intent
I think there's no more
reproduced image when people
want you to think of God than a
sunset with beams of light
coming out but I also know that
the surface of the sun of 6,000
degrees and Israeli scattering
the atmosphere you have water
droplets condensing to make
clouds and exact so where do you
differ from this maybe I go a
little bit further in the
direction of good-natured
ridicule of absurd ideas like
astrology you're saying it's
good natured but clearly the
people who are who are the on
the other side of your wit and
intelligence i would are they
saying you're being good-natured
possibly not i don't i don't
really care about that I'm
awesome
ok now I mean I feel stupid next
to you now I and I know all this
stuff
alright so come on and I i have
an eye to not just the
astrologer that i'm talking to
her but the example the radio
audience whatever it is that
that are that are listening in
if you call somebody an idiot
you're not going to change his
mind but you may change the
minds of a thousand people
listening in
yeah so let me ask you something
but just flat-out sure that out
I don't have a problem if people
feel spiritually when they
contemplate the cosmos and I may
even feel some of that as well
i'm really talking about as
religion manifests in the world
the whole other portfolio of
things you're supposed to do the
rituals that derive from it the
rules that come down from
revealed text that's a whole
other conversation then telling
me that I'm experiencing an open
door to God when i'm on a
mountaintop I think those are
two different things
I think God and we're watchin I
I don't believe you
you see those two different
things but most people who are
vocal
and active and politically
motivated do not but why should
that keep you from God
i mean if if you have an
experience of God why should all
the other stuff that that
distracts you keep you from that
I mean like saying you know I
ran into a guy i took a terrible
course and in science wants and
all the teachers were terrible
what does that mean you don't
believe in science anymore no it
means you don't believe or you
haven't had a good experience of
the other things of the human
element of it so I what I
dancing is which God are you
Zeus that I'm coming closer to
because i am on the mountaintop
where Zeus lib Molly did come
out of his head right so so
maybe there's a particular God
that you would rather it be than
other gods that have come before
people of of the past but I also
know that throughout most of the
history of science some of the
greatest scientists have ever
lived have been deeply religious
themselves